DOC: note about workflows for non-code repositories (#5)
bluesky/governance: CONTRIBUTING.md

if any review is needed. Changes may be pushed directly to the `main`
branch; pull request may be self-merged.

## Non-code repositories

Non-code repositories should select a workflow repository-by-repository basis that matches
the intended usage.

> For example, changes to this repository will require approval of the Adviory Commitee.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, changes to this repository will require approval of the Advisory Committee.  
```

> For example, changes to this repository will require approval of the Advisory Committee.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, changes to this repository will require approval of the Project Advisory Board.  
```

> On the other exterme we push to the default branch of the documentation hosting repository 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other extreme we push to the default branch of the documentation hosting repository 
```
